hi girls, good morning, my name is
Billy Castillo live here in Tampa
florida I find myself in my 30th week of
pregnancy I have raised 12 pounds this is my
pancita and I have only gone up
I only raised 12 pounds in 30
weeks I feel spectacular because I
I take all herbalife products
starting with our morning tea
like right now haha starting with the with
the aloe with the tea with the fiber and
I'll show you how I make my is
Here I already have my warm water if I
first I give you a little tea
maybe a little less amount of
normal this is the amount that I give
I have done yes
It makes my aloe feel super well
I even tell it in the family or
I'm even limited but it's like that
beginning of my pregnancy like that
I had to take a little less for the
but that only lasted a month
I did not have nausea and the flavors were not a
bit difficult to accept and good
I put the aloe that even the
I can drink up to one aloe
of these in a day
and I also love to throw the fiber of
apple apple fiber I love
because either that milk in the tea either
what milk in the milkshake that also
It works very well because during the
pregnancy as normal people and
that normal eat tend to be written
and I'll throw the fiber on the aloe and
I take from one to two of these successes
especially after eating that is
The more you are like, the more you give
I dream and I take it and I feel super
well, so do not doubt or be afraid
to take the products if you're
pregnant or you know someone tell him
I do not take that I have taken them for already ten
years and that I feel super good like that is
that we are going to enjoy our tea
It's delicious I also love what
we can use a lot of all
people but especially in pregnancy
it is flora fiver since the flora fiver us
help with gastric acids helps us
with good digestion helps us
they have also constipated whether the
mass that you take it from ricky if to me
love more and each and my girl also the
take I have a 11 year old girl is going to
comply
she can end up at a motel
flora fiver in a day
then the carafe and see is going to
help very much and good later
I'm going to share a video of how
take the shake and take all the
ok tablets is when we most need to
better nutrition so is that they
I want a lot and they share this video for
let all people know that
can take herbalife and have
Trust to take it in pregnancy ok
bye